You didn’t have the goal of this, the goal of
demilitarization was occupation. Yes, a foreign
country was just a special military
operation for demilitarization. But
let’s say that Ukraine’s army is larger or
smaller, it became smaller, that is,
mobilization is huge, but we
didn’t have an army and no trace of equipment
Ukraine has more at the moment, well,
now Biden gave you a gift. Yes, we have
more, so let’s say in Russia there is
less equipment.
Hello Good
afternoon, where are you from, the city of Khmelnitsky And
you  Rostov will need to support the special operation
Yes, actively or
passively actively actively is it if
you are fighting
ama Side and
take part in the special operation Well then,
good then passive passive yes So you,
as a passive supporter of a special
military operation, can tell me
what the results of the demilitarization of Ukraine are
for a
year for a year and how do I know  what’s happening in Ukraine
Well, look, Putin declared the goals of
the special operation to be demilitarization and
denazification. Tell me how
this goes over the course of a year. You support this
special operation then Tell me what it
has achieved in terms of demilitarization in a year
and you want to Now tell me that
nothing happened in a year, I don’t want to
say I asked you what happened in a
year What has Russia achieved in terms of demilitarization
Well, for now I’m as best I can I’m just too  I do
n’t understand how you can wait for this
now if the war is still going on. Yes, well,
here it is, look, you can sum up the
interim results. What have you achieved in a year in
terms of
demilitarization? Well, let’s say they connected
other Republics and wait, not with
you  but the goal of this was not the goal of
demilitarization, occupation Yes, a foreign
country was just a special military
operation for demilitarization Yes, yes,
let’s do this, the army of Ukraine is more or
less, it became smaller, that is,
mobilization is huge, we just
didn’t have an army and there is no trace of it, but now there
are no Ukrainians anymore  there, practically, I understood Well, he’s
fighting for us, and then Ukraine
has more equipment at the moment, well, now
Biden didn’t give it to you. Yes, we have more,
but let’s do it in Russia
There’s less equipment. No. And where does it go? It’s
now in a special operation. That’s
only half. Well, well, there’s less.
Yes, we burned it there and destroyed it. Well,
of course yes. Well, let it be so good; there are
fewer soldiers in Russia just like
in  In Ukraine, just like in Ukraine, there are
fewer, no, not the same, look, we are
being replaced by Poles Now look,
let’s say that in Ukraine there is
more equipment, Europe is giving more soldiers, yes they are giving
Polyakov Yes, in Russia, yes in Russia, there
are fewer soldiers, there are fewer equipment
No one, neither the Chinese nor the Koreans, no one gives you anything,
like what then what is the trick
of demilitarization who is
demilitarization what is it then look
these are Putin’s goals let’s do this What goals did
Putin announce a year ago of the special operation
that you support
There would be no demilitarization and
denazification
is the first Repeat these two terms
demilitarization and the second I did not hear I did
not hear in demilitarization and
denazification
as the first  demilitarization
detailing
demilitarization
demilitarization limit ation is not not a limit
- it’s a border, but military is militaristic,
military is
demilitarization, and now I’m asking a question about
the term demilitarization, come on
now, what are you trying to achieve? You’re asking me now
specifically such questions, why
not at all? I want us to get it
right  we’ve figured out the terms, here’s
demilitarization, why should I
understand them, why why not, that’s not the
norm, you  you support these terms
like
Decius today Look at you today as a
Russian who supports
demilitarization taught What kind of
terms are these at all not just
taught to pronounce and pronounce And we will also figure out
what the term
demilitarization means I don’t know tell me
what militarization means I don’t know
I  I’m asking you Tell me I’m like a
teacher I ask leading questions so
everything is fine I understand tell me Let’s
student try to find some common
root word but with the word
militarization
Well, I told you I told you that it’s normal What, for
example, what does militaristic
militarism mean? I don’t know, I want you to
tell me, teach me, I you, let’s say,
what language do you study at school?
Russian, and besides Russian, English
English, so let’s say, for
example, military  I
don’t know in English,
but how will war be
in English? I don’t study war in English.
Yes, from three letters,
World is like r Var, in my opinion,
you named three different words, which one. I’m
just telling you approximately how I
know what everything is.  it's war after all  this is how it
will be Well Var let it be Var Yes Var
good Hai will be Var Yes Var Var barbarian
from here the word Varvara was
like that Well let it be so good military yes
Varvara the word Yes the name is also militant yes Uh-
huh varenik from here the word also you know
why varenik Well, aren’t you laughing  I I'm
serious I'm listening to Var the word Var
Yes, what are you doing in Russia? It’s
simple, come on, we don’t even
understand why, probably the war
is happening at all, you don’t understand, you do
n’t even understand Well, you can’t
repeat the words Okay, let’s  let's go back to the
militarization of demilitarization, so you'll
tell me whether or not
this is some kind of war, maybe there's a scam ideology there, you
can say this, what do you think
it is? Wait, I'm rereading No, you
just look away all the time,
what kind of person I can't, I have a
camera here and here  you so no you have a
camera not here not here a camera T you
are pointing in the wrong place where showing
showings
Look here I have a camera here and
here I have two cameras yes two cameras
Yes  this is the one you are looking at right now,
and yes, I understand all this, I’m
recording myself on this camera and
broadcasting for you on this one. And you have
a broadcast, you don’t have a broadcast right now, a
Vue broadcast in both this and the chat  roulette I'm
recording I'm a blogger I'm recording Now you
don't have how many subscribers you have how many
subscribers you had yesterday
158000 What's your channel called ank
Andrey popk Andrey popk Yes I understand I'll
definitely watch it later  I just
forgot something, yes, I’m speaking into this camera
because I’m recording into this camera. And
there’s also a second one, which Yes, the
roulette wheel is shown in the chat, I understood, it’s just that from the
outside it looks like
you’re reading, I understand, Yes, because
I have  it turns out that here is the camera
that you see. Here the camera that
turns out is recording and here you
come out. I kind of look at how simple it
would be, I would be calmer
if you looked into the camera, And you
understand into the camera if I look into the
camera  I see you  then And like this, yes, I
look like this, like this, like this, like this,
tell me Okay, let’s be
calm, look, Well, I’ll distract
That’s how I look at you, and so at the camera,
let’s do this if the word is military, yes,
this is military, for example, then  what is
militarization military yes I don’t
understand the meaning of this word here I am
saying this is a synonym for the word military
for example
military means military yes Let’s say
military so it will be military Yeah uh then
uh militarization what do you think it is  maybe
So I’m
asking you I said smo Well,
military is military then militarization What do
you think it’s I don’t know mini military
miles here sri if military is military
then militarization is that I don’t
know tight tight tight
yeah Let’s go  so what is
Russification I don’t know what
electrification is
You will ask me everything in order
Well I want to find some word that
you know what electrification is I
don’t know such words honest
tion Well there  decia of the population For example, if
education
is falling I don’t know I don’t know I understand
well In short, look, my
teaching abilities are not enough to
explain to you the word the meaning of the word
demilitarization But you don’t even
tell me that these are the words of the [ __ ] that And you are so not in
the mood I want to let you down and let me down  a
logical chain
like that’s not the case, that’s
not the way the teachers don’t
behave, they’re just a novice teacher, a
novice teacher, I
don’t know how old you are, I forgot
really, you know how old you are Alya and your
father asks Call me now Yes now KNU
definitely now  I’ll talk to a respected
person to my
father. We need to pay attention to Dana. Maybe
you have some question for me as a
person from Ukraine. Come on. Well, it
just seems to me that there’s no point in conveying anything to you.
I’m so
saturated with Propaganda that I directly
broadcast you don’t even know how
old you are What can I talk to you
about I don’t know I don’t remember Say I
forgot You said I forgot I didn’t
say I don’t know Do you understand the difference between the
word know and remember, that is, Generally
different yes  Well, yes, I didn’t say, I don’t know,
I said, I forgot,
well, remember then different verbs, well,
remember with so I’ll remember Yes, I’ll
remember then and I’ll say he hasn’t
remembered yet I wanted to want and didn’t want to
remember, let’s look at how I’m
asking you a question  let’s how do you
feel about separatism in Ukraine and what
is separatism in Ukraine for example in
general what is it no I’m asking you a question
so what is separatism Well tell
me what it is  everything is wrong You said
this word Tell me, I didn’t ask you
a question I know what separatism is I know what
separatism is So tell me I don’t
understand what separatism is separatism
disconnection of any
disconnection from any
state the state and Ukraine wants to
disconnect from someone  It disconnected a long time ago
in 1917 again.
Wait. Look, you say
separatism in Ukraine, where is
there some kind of  separatism I’m not telling
you now formulate a question
formulate your question then I can’t
understand how you feel about
Ukraine Now a second that the nation Ukraine
is separatists I don’t know there was no
such thing The thing is that it was look
we had a state from which
the Russians separated  uh, there are Finnish Poles, yes it
was like that in 1917 Yes, in 1917 you separated,
you are separatists, you did it Yes, wait a
hundred no stop stop stop you something  you confuse
in 1917, you had two Maidans, the
February Maidan and the October Maidan,
and
in Petrograd you had two Maidans,
first and now in front of you. You can
now google it again, I know this. I
studied in the Soviet Union. I studied in the
Soviet Union. Between
other things you have in 1917 What happened to you and the
Tsar in this
year, the legally elected Tsar Nicholas I
who Yes was Kolya killed him  no,
before they killed you, you had the
February Maidan, when you
noticed that you would fly away very well that
time, it was you who disconnected from us and
not we from you, how could we from
you? Since
7, you made the February Maidan
since, look again Provisional
Government  you and Kerensky Yes,
they made the Maidan then in
October of this
year from the organization the left sector
was Lenin, so he made the second Maidan
October
Maidan he was over the Provisional Government
so it was like that  there wasn’t such a thing Well, it
wasn’t there wasn’t already some kind of thing from the Russian State University, you
know November 7 or there October 25 according to the
old style of this year The Great
October Maidan was
Socialist why would I
google it I’m telling you I know this story
you don’t know it you’re starting  talk about
some kind of
Russia Who overthrew the Tsar in
1977, who made the Maidan and overthrew the Tsar Well,
the people, no one represented this
people, the Russian Empire, maybe not
so, the Russian Empire  it was the Tsar
Who overthrew the Empire The Russian Empire
was the Tsar Well, yes And who overthrew the Tsar and
said that now we will not have an Empire, a
republic And who will be the Provisional Government
And Lenin what not Lenin already in
October Lenin is the second Maidan
of October and February  Maidan is
who you are, you don’t know your history. Well,
it turns out that you googled it. The February
revolution was googled. Why do I need something gu I
googled it?  February revolution of the
seventeenth year Kerensky come on,
well, you didn’t google it, come on Okay,
look, I’ll google it right now for you,
yes, 1917, yes, write as I
say, no, no, I’m right now, the
February Revolution, what’s googled,
what’s googled for me, too, the February
Revolution Write the February Revolution  revolution
let's let's February revolution and
you will see what you had in the seventeenth
year so now wait I'm very
interested in the revolution
time
googled I read Yes, read that's what's
first February 23 March 8 Yes February
revolution in Russia February
bourgeois-democratic revolution or
February coup also February
riots and February
Yes this is your first Maidan in the 20th century
was not the first was in 905 but  you have
failures. And how does this attitude
generally lead to our dialogue now,
just look, as a result we had,
we lived with you in a single country which  the
Russian Empire was called that, yeah yeah
you did the February coup
February Maidan Yes they overthrew
our legitimate tsar like that in
Petrograd And what did they do to him they sent
him where
Well so that it’s not that’s
not what you said Google Maybe you heard
just tact The October Revolution
we read like this 1917 then yes  October is also
called the October Revolution
Bolshevik Revolution October
Uprising That is, you are for one  1917
was spent by two Maidans and destroyed the
country Uh-
huh As a result of which the Russian Empire,
our common state with you, Yes,
the king, the legitimate
king, to whom everyone swore allegiance ceased to exist. Yes, he ceased to
exist, so the country did not exist.
The country fell apart, you were
disconnected from
us, you became fragments. Yes, Poland  your
internet hangs the internet hangs
normally normally you disconnected you
disconnected no no I’m here I hear I
hear you I hear I hear you and I see you yes
you mean
look you  it turns out that Poland became
independent from us, yes, uh, Finland became
independent from us, and you are the Russian
Republic, or whatever you
called yourself then, also became independent from us. Independent
Russian Republic, like on Google, damn it.
Look again, Russian Republic.
Come on, I’m talking to you, Russian
Come on, come on
you're the public b let's watch the Russian
Republic Go nuts a Well, read Google
Wikipedi everything everything Russian Republic
Yes so So just give me a second  I’m really very
interested in everything you tell me,
I google everything honestly yes yes Russian
Republic Well, in the seventeenth year you
made it instead of the Russian Empire
Yes in the seventeenth year yes yes yes Write the
Russian Republic Wikipedia
will show you directly Uh-huh So Russian Wow
really  indeed,
instead of the Russian Empire, you became the
Russian Republic, and then the name of the
state on the territory of the former
Russian Empire. Nightmare, yes it turns out,
yes, yeah, Soviet State
Republic, yes,
yeah  history February 23 Russian Republic Russian Republic what was recorded for the time of the government further Well, yes, I understand, I read it all Yes, so superficially and that’s it, let’s sum it up then that Ukraine eventually disconnected from everything, it’s not Ukraine you disconnected from us, but Ukraine Russia Wait, Ukraine disconnected and Russia disconnected from the Ukrainian Republic. Look, it wasn’t from Ukraine that Rus' was centered in Kyiv, so it was Rus' with its center in
Kyiv and then we conquered the lands Where it is now modern Moscow Vladimir Suzdal and so on Yes then you the first stage of your separatism was when under the Tatar-Mongols they disconnected from us and began to live separately began to live with the horde more than with us Yes this was the first since I'm at you, wait, I'll interrupt you, I just googled what I'm trying to convey to you, wait again, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry  once again, you
give me nothing, so in three, in three pieces,
I send my historical knowledge is more than
yours, what you want to convey to me,
give me to you Don, first of all, me, you are
much
more mature than me, you can’t convey this
October Maidan of Lenin and the left
sector about the World Cup  we can talk Listen to
me because I know this without Google And
you can’t even understand this without Google,
so look at the first time you
disconnected from us yes  separatists this is when during the Tatar-Mongol invasion Yes, you disconnected from Kyiv for the second time, yes Then we organized disconnected from Kyiv from Kyiv, but Rus' was centered in Kyiv Empire Empire of Rus' Nedi Nedi Vladimir The Principality of Suzdal began to reign separately from Kyiv, so there was Kievan Rus Well and who built Kievan Rus who I asked you asked you No, well, you said who she was
with a center in Kyiv Who built it, it was and who is not known Who founded it It was in written sources that it already existed There was no such thing That someone founded Kievan Rus nya Oleg founded it no yes no Prince Oleg - it’s generally kind of legendary personality and what Well, not historical. Here I say again Igor, here is Prince Igor - this is also a historical personality, he is confirmed by Prince Oleg, he is found only in literary writings Yes, as in the part  the story is vre and that is, he is
like you are fictional, you think yes yes
he didn’t exist it’s not I think it’s historians who think he’s not unconfirmed
that is, for example, it wasn’t confirmed that there
was some kind of Oleg, well, there’s a
whole story going on there no I’m as far as  I
read as much as I listened, they
talked about how Prince Oleg brought him there,
when he founded
Kievan Rus, he brought the
Russians there, that is, initially there
there were Russians he brought Russians Yes Russians from where he brought Russians to Kyiv From where he brought Russians from Moscow to Kiev So wait Moscow You can google the date of the founding of Moscow I don’t know I know that first there was first Kievan Rus and then there was Moscow and then how then could he bring people from Moscow to Kyiv when there, if there was a swamp in Moscow, there was still no city even where in  Moscow,
well, Moscow, look in general Moscow Moscow
wasn’t in a swamp, well, look, Moscow
was made 200 or 300 years after the
events that you’re talking about now,
like Yeah, Moscow - in my opinion, it’s about
the century or the twelfth Well, oh no,
I’m good then  I understand, I’m telling you right away
that don’t listen, I, I, With all
due respect, I’m not leaking in any way,
I just really need to call
Ponya, Yes, good, no, Listen, you
maybe, to some extent, you can
convey some kind of truth to people, but you don’t
fully convey it. It seems to me that my opinion is that you are not
completely correct in reporting it.
I was really interested in it. I
would continue to bring it to the end with you,
but in conversation  with you, I’ll just understand
that you are a person whose even you don’t
listen to the opinions of other people, you learn
for yourself some exceptional truth
for this one hundred continue to boil I’m a
man, I’ll honestly say I’m an
illiterate person I’ll lay it out beautifully there
some specific facts for you I can’t, it’s
true there are a lot of interesting
bloggers, there are a lot of interesting
people with whom you really need to
discuss and you will find
some kind of common language with them, I guarantee you
I know a lot of things Vayu Koch has a lot of
vocabulary for
I know more about my truth, but I can’t tell it to you
because, as I
explain once again, I don’t have such a good
vocabulary and such a
good memory for you to specifically
start listing some data
dates. That is, I just can’t  then
Look, maybe if there is such a
situation, then maybe it’s better not to go to
Roulette and tell the Ukrainians that they are
some kind of separatists,
that they should go there to increase their
vocabulary, for example, read
about the October Maidan and the February
Maidan in the Senate year, why not me, for
example  yes I say right away there are
Ukrainians and it’s interesting to talk to Ukrainians
because they have a
specific speech. They are somehow not
like that. Yes, but here I am.  Ukrainian a a I am Ukrainian
or Ukrainian Ukrainian I would say how
different you are is that you are Russian and you
need
this intellectual conversation is not
possible and even now talking to
you what kind of intellectual conversation do you
want If you say that you do not
have enough vocabulary  I don’t have enough
apparatus to express these thoughts, how
intelligent are you? I can
talk because people are
exactly at your level and you’re like, You can
already Yes, in swear words, yes No why Well, I’m
talking to you I  I’m
also telling you some facts, you’re just not even
listening to me, you’re interrupting me, what can we talk about?
I understand, I’m just interested, we started with
supporting a special operation, yes,
yes, I support it, I will support it,
but your intellectual level
is enough for that  to understand, I
can support, I can stay at home,
not participate in the war in any way and
support somehow financially. This is what I
wanted to understand, or is your
intellectual level sufficient to
support a special operation? Yes,
good, well, so be it, good luck to you,
your bloggers promotion, take care of yourself,
the main thing
[applause] it’s
tough, you know Nike, what kind of people are they,
let me say in Russian for the Russian
audience, people from Russia who go
to the Ukrainian chat room there to
prove something to the Ukrainians that there is some kind of
separatism, something that supports
a special operation, but they
understand  some kind of elementary Well, I do
n’t know how it’s possible not to know what you
had there in the seventeenth year, talk
about the seventeenth year, he says that you
Ukraine separated in  in the seventeenth year Yes,
but you don’t know that in the seventeenth year you had the
February Revolution in Russia. Yes,
they overthrew the Tsar and the October Revolution, they
overthrew
this bourgeois-democratic order, what is this
government in Russian? Yes, and they established
this red Bolshevik terror. It’s
just tough. That is, if you don’t know
Elementary significant events of your
history Why are you bothering to tell us something
guys, take care of all these people who
support their Yes,
educate yourself If you  if
you start reading, at least a little bit, your
vocabulary will increase
and your ability to express your thoughts, let’s say,
will expand
and you’ll somehow understand that Listen, what is this,
Russia is a country of revolutions, they
threw that tsar for that one, they threw a snuff box for that one, they
killed that one, they poisoned that one
shot And so on, yes, that is,
Russia is a
country of permanent such Maidans. If
someone understood the word permanent from the
Russians, OK, subscribe to the channel
Like for the comment Glory to Ukraine
letter to mi Telegram directly at once axis VN
apok tse more and more respectfully YouTube keeping
us busy through skarg or in your ban and even
more videos I don’t show people sometimes I don’t
show information about streams for that just for
that we need an operational link
write directly at once while there in telegra
okrim video more  tezh tsikava and korisna
information and we will
show you the process
YouTube Glory to Ukraine
subscribe